John Webb Obituary

Our beloved son John Fitzrobert Webb, 38, of Marietta, Georgia, passed away unexpectedly on June 24, 2026, in downtown Atlanta.

Born in 1987, John was a lifelong resident of Marietta. He attended The Walker School and Marietta High School before completing his education at Shelterwood in Colorado.

John loved sports and excelled as a baseball and soccer player. He was also an avid skateboarder and snowboarder during his younger years. Blessed with an exceptionally creative mind, John could devote hours of focused attention to projects that captured his interest.

Above all, John will be remembered as a gifted musician. A talented pianist and drummer, he possessed the rare ability to play almost any song by ear and to compose original music. Music was one of his greatest passions and brought joy not only to him but also to everyone who had the privilege of hearing him play.

John's infectious smile, engaging personality, and genuine kindness left a lasting impression on all who knew him. Despite his vibrant personality, he had a gentle spirit and a servant's heart, always looking for ways to help others. His unwavering faith in Jesus Christ shaped the way he lived, inspiring a deep love for family, friends, and everyone he encountered. He was fiercely loyal to those he loved and was, in turn, deeply loved by his many friends and family. Everyone who met him loved him.

John is survived by his parents, Robert and Sue Webb; his brother, Drew Webb; his aunt, Wendy Stroud and her husband, Shawn; his cousins, Dylan and Tyler, and Tyler's wife, Kayla; and many other cherished relatives and friends.

A celebration of John's life will be held Wednesday, July 8, at 11:00 a.m. at Stonebridge Church, 675 Tower Road, Marietta, GA 30060.

In lieu of flowers, memorial contributions may be made to The Extension, 1507 Church Street Ext., Marietta, GA 30060, (770) 590-9075.

John's extraordinary musical gift, unwavering faith, compassionate heart, and joyful spirit will be remembered always. His life was a blessing, and his memory will forever remain in the hearts of all who knew and loved him.

Published by Marietta Daily Journal on Jul. 2, 2026.